AAP-2514 Created chapter documenting SSO configuration steps. (#418)
RedHatInsights/red-hat-ansible-automation-platform-documentation: downstream/modules/platform/proc-create-a-user.adoc

[id="proc-create-a-user_{context}"]

> = Creating a User

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Creating a Keycloak user
```

> This procedure creates a user that can be used to log in to {HubName}.
> As the `hubadmin` role is assigned, this user has Super Administration privileges when logged in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a Keycloak user, with the `hubadmin` role, that can log in to {HubName} with super administration privileges.
```

> Use the following procedure to create a Keycloak User.

Reviewer: With the `.Procedure` title I don't think lead-in sentences like this add anything. It's just fluff. Suggest removing it for minimalism.

.Procedure

. Navigate to menu:Operator[Installed Operators].
. Select the Red Hat Single Sign-On Operator project.
. Select the *Keycloak Realm* tab and click btn:[Create Keycloak User].
. On the Keycloak User form, select btn:[YAML view].

> Replace the default YAML file with the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Replace the default YAML file with the following:
```

+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes"]
----
apiVersion: keycloak.org/v1alpha1
kind: KeycloakUser
metadata:
  name: hubadmin-user
  labels:
    app: sso
    realm: ansible-automation-platform
  namespace: rh-sso
spec:
  realmSelector:
    matchLabels:
      app: sso
      realm: ansible-automation-platform
  user:
    username: hub_admin
    firstName: Hub
    lastName: Admin
    email: hub_admin@example.com
    enabled: true
    emailVerified: false
    credentials:
      - type: password

>         value: ch8ngeme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        value: <ch8ngeme>
```

Reviewer: Global comment: replaceable values should be wrapped in brackets.

    clientRoles:
      automation-hub:
        - hubadmin
----

. Click btn:[Create] and wait for the process to complete.

> When a user is created, the Operator creates a Secret containing both the username and password using the following naming pattern: `credential-<realm name>-<username>-<namespace>`.

Reviewer 2: Do we have style guide advice about whether we should use Operator or operator?
When I worked on the operator doc originally, I went with Operator, as that's how it's written in the OpenShift docs.
https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.9/operators/index.html
I wasn't sure whether this was "official", though.

Reviewer: FWIW I've always gone with the k8s convention, which is Operator. OCP docs follow that convention too as that's really just a k8s distribution. This might be useful: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/operator/

Author: I checked when I was writing this and Operator seemed to be the accepted use. That's what I went with.

In this example the credential is called `credential-ansible-automation-platform-hub-admin-rh-sso`.

> When a user is created the operator does not update the user's password and password changes will not be reflected in the Secret.

Reviewer: I'm not really sure what this last sentence means. It's also a run on sentence (two independent clauses joined by a conjunction).

[id="proc-create-a-user_{context}"]

= Creating a Keycloak User

Users are entities that are able to log into your system. 
They can be assigned group membership and have specific roles assigned to them.

> This procedure creates a Keycloak user, with the `hubadmin` role, that can log in to {HubName} with Super Administration privileges.

Reviewer: I think we can drop the first two concepts because they are overly simplistic and are "Keycloak" concepts. In this procedure all the user cares about is the Keycloak user who is granted admin privileges to Hub. The Keycloak user is an internal user that allows the Operator sufficient access to do the heavylifting for deployment.
